id,pr_number,user,submitted_at,state,body
937072258,15769,Chocobo1,2022-04-09T04:04:45Z,COMMENTED,i found one issue with the webui: the paused state icon is missing. ![a link] and the rest looks fine.
995771896,15769,Chocobo1,2022-06-04T05:33:35Z,COMMENTED,"in case you want to handle it, you can do it by changing to in preference.cpp"
1011585848,15769,sledgehammer999,2022-06-20T00:11:23Z,APPROVED,"since so many of you have already approved this and taken part on discussions on the various pr iterations, i am not going to hold you back. these icons will be judged by user feedback during the alpha/beta releases. to tell you the truth, personally, i am not really fond of this blue in the pallette. and i don't think it fits well in the general windows ui theming (i am using win 7 for comparison). i could be wrong, or i am just too used to the current theme."
71005096,7610,zeule,2017-10-21T11:08:48Z,DISMISSED,"please, make it impossible to get contents of any file by setting alternative ui path to any of its parent directories and typing its path in qbt web ui http get request."
71030014,7610,zeule,2017-10-22T11:07:57Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,"please, make it impossible to get contents of any file by setting alternative ui path to any of its parent directories and typing its path in qbt web ui http get request. p.s. i want to decide myself whether it is fixed or not."
72697699,7610,zeule,2017-10-29T14:04:37Z,DISMISSED,i still not convinced that dropping old api immediately is not a terrible idea.
74250722,7610,Chocobo1,2017-11-04T09:28:41Z,DISMISSED,ok for me. also merge conflict reported.
404725098,12746,glassez,2020-05-04T06:15:26Z,COMMENTED,i suggest to split this refactoring into small independent parts for easier review. we can start from less debatable ones.
405415466,12746,NotTsunami,2020-05-05T00:16:51Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,"finally got the chance to start looking at this. all of my comments now are looking at this by hand, i will try compiling tonight against a few different test systems (and probably comment again). slightly off topic, but in the future (pending merge of this), i would like to add a config file for the [a link] python library. nice little utility to keep everything clean, the library also includes a linter to run cmake files against."
442594012,12746,glassez,2020-07-04T09:20:04Z,COMMENTED,i've finished my review. p.s. it's really hard to review it due to too much comments. let's fix important things and postpone the rest to the future.
106992375,8584,glassez,2018-03-27T14:43:43Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,"well, now it looks like ""to create user interface and quickly make it work somehow"". i have always prevented and will continue to prevent this approach (as long as the maintainer does clearly accept it). a model is a primary concept. it should be logical and consistent regardless of who and how uses it. this way allows you to add any user interfaces directly or through some adapter. you break the model, trying to fit it to your specific web ui implementation. so, here's what i expect to have in api to meet the requirements above (really, it's already implemented in the base classes, so you only need to create a certain facade for them): 1. create search job (i.e. start search) 2. stop unfinished search job 3. get current status of search job (i.e. active/finished, current result count etc.) 4. get current results of search job (either all available or some subset) 5. delete search job the model described above will be in a consistent state at any time, and it will allow to implement client applications of different types. additional requirements: 1. all search jobs created in a session should be deleted when the session end (either explicitly by the user or when timed out) 2. all api methods within the same controller should have similar interface (e.g. returns data in the same format) p.s. if any existing api does not meet these requirements, this is no reason to reject these requirements."
127897141,8584,glassez,2018-06-12T10:42:27Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,"it still does not meet the requirement of par. 4: ""get current results of search job (either all available or some subset)"". that's because you're trying to break down the base classes with an enviable persistence. i have repeatedly said that this is unnecessary! the user must be able to receive **any subset** of the results, even if it has already received it before! so your server-side queueing is inappropriate."
129094968,8584,glassez,2018-06-15T09:48:32Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,some preliminary comments...
141645745,8584,Chocobo1,2018-07-30T18:00:02Z,COMMENTED,"those aren't strictly required, but personally i would add them. i hope i won't be dragged to interrogation this time..."
154062245,8584,glassez,2018-09-11T06:20:09Z,COMMENTED,"well, if you ignore my comments for some reason (apparently they are unfounded, or they just go against the general trend of qbittorrent webapi/webui development), then you can continue this without my approval."
160562484,8584,glassez,2018-10-02T04:20:08Z,APPROVED,"i don't want to unnecessarily prevent the birth of this feature. we'll have to clean it a lot while it's still young. but we didn't have to release it with obvious flaws, so i was so insistent. to demonstrate my good intentions, i will not even demand to correct the remaining ""coding style"" issues. we can do that later."
42364545,6911,glassez,2017-06-06T18:21:03Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,", i reviewed some subset of your changes. you can start to fix it. please don't rebase at this point. create fixup commits for your fixes."
42232618,6911,zeule,2017-06-07T16:19:12Z,COMMENTED,"don't have a time for a deep review, sorry, so maybe i'm totally wrong, but the following cough my attention and i think i can't agree with it: differentiating between null string and empty string shows, most likely, that the author wanted a special value string, and if so, why it is not explicit? related question: why filtering is done by a single tag only, but not by a list of tags?"
73786658,6779,Chocobo1,2017-11-02T13:29:57Z,DISMISSED,very nice! you can squash the commits now.
74802604,6779,glassez,2017-11-07T15:55:22Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,fix coding style. the rest is ok.
36242893,6698,glassez,2017-05-04T11:59:30Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,too many coding style issues! did you forget use uncrustify?
36651811,6698,thalieht,2017-05-06T21:28:18Z,COMMENTED,coding style mostly.
38887017,6698,glassez,2017-05-18T13:00:24Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,first comments ready. mostly coding style related. i still have not delved into logic.
39126869,6698,glassez,2017-05-19T07:47:25Z,COMMENTED,some more comments.
242003539,10702,glassez,2019-05-25T14:05:12Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,"the implementation looks a bit inconsistent. you've mixed style management ""by name"" and ""by file path"", so there may be conflicts (e.g. user can manually set style in config file outside of style directory). if you want to have styles in a predefined directory, you should store the style name in the settings (this way require some simple ""style manager"" to be implemented to avoid duplicating the logic of mapping the style name in the file path). otherwise you should allow user to specify any arbitrary style file (then you have to change the gui)."
242031496,10702,glassez,2019-05-26T09:39:21Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,"sorry, i have no time to review it in detail now, so i make only general remarks. 1. to make it easier to review your changes further, please learn the qbittorrent coding style (you can find it in the source tree) and apply it to your contributions to the project. 2. although your stylemanager doesn't depend directly on gui classes/modules it's part of gui in its essence (it has no essence outside gui) so you should place it in qbittorrent gui module."
247473452,10702,glassez,2019-06-10T08:25:35Z,COMMENTED,my review is not yet complete.
250189519,10702,Chocobo1,2019-06-15T11:45:20Z,COMMENTED,"please try to refactor uithememanager class into `guitheme` namespace first, imo current class implementation feels unnatural."
258584135,10702,glassez,2019-07-06T10:03:25Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,"in general, i am satisfied. there are still some shortcomings."
259521818,10702,jagannatharjun,2019-07-09T14:01:05Z,COMMENTED,i can't think of better name. xd
847774383,15915,Chocobo1,2022-01-10T13:57:57Z,COMMENTED,will continue the rest when i have time..
867135686,15915,Chocobo1,2022-02-01T05:25:48Z,COMMENTED,i finally made it... the first full round. please use a single fixup commit from now on and i'll let you know when to squash it.
13449951,5877,zeule,2016-12-17T17:59:13Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,"sorry, overlooked changes to the project files earlier."
13762946,5877,zeule,2016-12-20T13:56:19Z,APPROVED,"thanks a lot! update: and squash the second commit, of course."
17768575,5877,sledgehammer999,2017-01-20T22:52:09Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,done with my review. there is some polishing left to be done before merging. ps: i didn't run the code.
20350178,5877,sledgehammer999,2017-02-06T20:20:21Z,COMMENTED,i think i am done now. my inline comments are minor things. but there is something that was overlooked here. there are 3 other ways that `m_bannedips` is modified and we need to ensure that it stays sorted. i will post a new comment on how to do it.
31878198,5214,sledgehammer999,2017-04-10T15:39:20Z,COMMENTED,leaving a comment some comments about the first 6 fils of e940be6244c7239ffa04b55be11a22c12f3a804e. just comment. don't push changes based on my comments. i haven't finished.
31990486,5214,sledgehammer999,2017-04-11T01:18:32Z,COMMENTED,"finished the 1st commit. minor comments. i am really excited by the elegance of how ""easy"" it was to support portable mode. sure it has a lot of lines, but most of them are ""filler"" lines. you didn't need much refactoring all over the place. i quests this shows that at least we have somewhat good code structure. and i think for that is mostly responsible. anyway continuing to the other commits which seem much smaller."
32002316,5214,sledgehammer999,2017-04-11T12:31:32Z,COMMENTED,final comments. awaiting responses.
23465658,5532,MatrixView,2017-02-23T12:36:40Z,APPROVED,this patch supplies great solutions to many requests about new commandline options for scripting and automation. i'd love to see these merged!
34009638,5532,zeule,2017-04-21T12:40:45Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,to me it would be good to add yet another option in order to control whether to show the dialog or not explicitly.
34351683,5532,zeule,2017-04-24T16:38:50Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,"my last request is to add a note regarding the category creation to the usage output, please."
34358596,5532,zeule,2017-04-24T17:08:48Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,"sorry, i think i've missed this typo at the previous iterations."
34873345,5532,glassez,2017-04-26T15:15:51Z,DISMISSED,ok. let it be as is.
34875476,5532,zeule,2017-04-26T15:22:51Z,DISMISSED,hope i did not miss another change...
35509313,5532,Chocobo1,2017-04-30T05:04:52Z,DISMISSED,:thumbs_up:
35518661,5532,sledgehammer999,2017-04-30T15:00:39Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,wait. i am reviewing at this moment. (dummy block)
32600593,6627,zeule,2017-04-13T12:36:33Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,"did a little review of the changes. can not, sorry, review the functional part because i don't use rss subsystem."
32660674,6627,thalieht,2017-04-13T16:07:14Z,COMMENTED,some style comments from me.
32935542,6627,mgziminsky,2017-04-15T23:42:46Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,i've only made it about half way through. will look at the rest tomorrow
33118928,6627,sledgehammer999,2017-04-18T00:23:14Z,COMMENTED,"i don't have any problems with bittorrent::session or the main gui(didn't check rss ui). i left some other comments. also is `asyncfilestorage.cpp` rss specific? or will it be used elsewhere in the future? if yes, i'd like to review its code too before merging. and in this case, in a few words, tell me its usage. ps: next time try to break down your prs. eg icons.qrc should have had the new entry in one commit, and the indentation fixed in another."
33120699,6627,sledgehammer999,2017-04-18T00:38:45Z,COMMENTED,"i reviewed `asyncfilestorage` class code with minor comment. i now understand that it is used to save data(periodically?) to a file. i just wish for someone to explain, in a few words, what does it do in the rss context. ps: this seems very similar to functionality from `downloadmanager`. what is the advantage of `asyncfilestorage` over it?"
33293503,6627,zeule,2017-04-18T17:17:13Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,my last two questions.
33384115,6627,mgziminsky,2017-04-19T01:58:01Z,COMMENTED,"some bugs i found: * selecting an item while viewing the ""unread"" entries doesn't mark the article as read * the alert message about download rules being disabled shouldn't resize with the rest of the dialog * attempting to download an rss item causes a crash with varying stacktraces, or no stack trace at all. it happens consistently when downloading manually, and occasionally via download rules. after one of the cases triggered by a download rule, the application would crash on startup every time with the attached stack trace. i think it is happening in one of the signal/slot threads in downloadhandler or autodownloader. it might be in asyncfilestorage also, because the temp file for the atomic write is sometimes still there, but that could be because the save is interrupted by whatever actually caused the crash sorry, github isn't letting me attach files for some reason. [code block]"
20601241,5287,briankendall,2017-02-07T19:48:11Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,a few bugs involving case sensitivity.
35466346,5287,zeule,2017-04-28T22:34:09Z,COMMENTED,"my biggest concern with this pr is the regular expressions. the first thing is that they look like ad-hoc solution and are not extensible or editable in any way by a user. although i do not use rss myself, but are you sure they use the same naming scheme in china? especially i'm concerned with that data based one. the second thing is that the bigger regex duplicates the smaller ones. can you store just a list of exctraction expressions and combine them automatically? can you use extracting groups and just iterate over the list but not writing `if`s?"
71159570,5287,zeule,2017-10-23T12:20:12Z,COMMENTED,"would it be possible, please, to make an ui for the regexp list (to allow add/remove entries). also you use literal ""repack"" without making it visible to user. this may surprise."
92032551,5287,glassez,2018-01-27T18:50:32Z,COMMENTED,"i won't go into the details immediately. i'll start with some general questions. 1. why did you implement smart filter settings (regex) globally, not per-rule? 2. why the pr hasn't detailed description of implemented feature (or i just can't find it)?"
94041589,5287,Chocobo1,2018-02-05T16:14:17Z,DISMISSED,"if you are doing a fixup later, these are the changes i wish to see fixed."
553363005,13885,Chocobo1,2020-12-16T05:58:04Z,COMMENTED,agree.
556133258,13885,Chocobo1,2020-12-21T05:14:34Z,DISMISSED,lgtm
558832944,13885,glassez,2020-12-25T18:50:08Z,APPROVED,:thumbs_up: i hope we haven't broken anything with the latest changes.
988830354,16840,Chocobo1,2022-05-30T06:54:49Z,COMMENTED,"90% reviewed, i'll read the rest later."
989500349,16840,Chocobo1,2022-05-31T04:48:12Z,COMMENTED,"also i think commit message should contain more info, e.g. what change/optimization is included or the effects of it."
34150663,5310,glassez,2017-04-22T05:40:48Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,"i not intermeddle in the logic, i leave it to you :) i mostly commented on the violations of the coding style."
34510250,5310,zeule,2017-04-25T09:43:52Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,"just minor remarks. also, would like to point out that string operations in the c library take pointers (iterators) but not indices for a reason: this makes all the "" index - 1"" unneeded, because you operate with ""first"" and ""one past last"" in that case."
338464905,11833,Chocobo1,2020-01-06T05:04:40Z,COMMENTED,haven't got time to review it all. i'll do the rest later and feel free to push updates in the meantime.
353471845,11833,glassez,2020-02-05T16:44:46Z,COMMENTED,review is still incomplete. too many coding style issues distract me.
241306971,10527,Chocobo1,2019-05-23T17:01:32Z,COMMENTED,"you should squash your commits, i mean the intermediate ones. also refactor to `const`/`let` is very welcome but it might get in the way of having clean & concise commits. if you can handle it then no problem including it in this pr for me. imo you should only need 2 commits: 1. implement tag management. 2. refactor to `const`/`let`. and add more commits for other changes."
245490868,10527,Chocobo1,2019-06-04T14:45:11Z,COMMENTED,probably the last one from me.
247402276,10527,Chocobo1,2019-06-09T14:19:07Z,COMMENTED,probably the very last comments from me :p
247407311,10527,Chocobo1,2019-06-09T17:10:05Z,DISMISSED,lgtm
247476303,10527,Piccirello,2019-06-10T08:31:44Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,"in my testing i observed a couple issues: - `untagged` always has a count of 0, despite having untagged torrents - after running `remove unused tags`, tags that have torrents display a count of `(0)` overall great work on this, and especially great work on adding sidebar and context menu support. at first i thought this only added api support, but this was a heroic effort. a lot of people are going to be really happy when this lands. let me know if you have any questions about my comments or want to discuss further."
260494993,10527,glassez,2019-07-11T06:58:53Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,also keep in mind that github doesn't notify that you force-pushed the changes. so please leave some comment when you've done this so it can be reviewed more quickly.
391419688,12458,Chocobo1,2020-04-10T12:40:41Z,COMMENTED,hopefully the last comment from me..
391970604,12458,Chocobo1,2020-04-13T05:56:10Z,COMMENTED,don't forget the comments earlier [a link] [a link]
36979641,4994,glassez,2017-05-09T10:05:59Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,"there are many coding style issues in code you touched. i know this is mostly not your code, but i still ask you fixing it. this task will only take 15 minutes of your time."
40659195,6156,glassez,2017-05-27T19:38:26Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,only some minor comments. the rest looks good to me.
40764972,6156,glassez,2017-05-29T12:37:31Z,DISMISSED,thank you.
47653835,6156,sledgehammer999,2017-07-03T13:04:49Z,COMMENTED,"some minor things due to the rebase. otherwise, it is good for merging."
165160934,9704,arvidn,2018-10-16T13:34:13Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,"i think in general this is a step forward. the use of the chrono types is a bit dangerous, as you rely on functions returning `minutes` or `seconds` implicitly, when you call `count()` on them. i think you should try to reduce the number of places you call `count()`. when you *do* call count, i would suggest wrapping it in a function `count_minutes()` or something like that, that does a `std::chrono::duration_cast (t).count()`. as i pointed out as well, once you don't rely on a specific unit of duration, you can remove names like ""inminutes"" from functions and variables."
165994464,9704,glassez,2018-10-19T05:09:22Z,COMMENTED,first chunk of comments. unfortunately i won't be able to review too long changes all at once. please don't rebase/force push. if you want to change something just push another commits.
38564887,4266,Chocobo1,2017-05-17T03:55:57Z,DISMISSED,lgtm
38565829,4266,glassez,2017-05-17T04:05:40Z,DISMISSED,ok. let's finish it.
166987400,9375,glassez,2018-10-22T16:08:39Z,DISMISSED,"i would advise you to get rid of the habit of making unrelated changes. they can be contentious on their own, and it can be very frustrating when pr is stalled because of some things not required at all to implement it."
264300581,10948,jagannatharjun,2019-07-19T16:03:37Z,COMMENTED,...
270489336,10948,glassez,2019-08-04T09:52:59Z,COMMENTED,"well, congratulations, good job :+1: now it's time to fine tune it. we should have such names that they are as obvious as possible, but without excesses in them. i will review them as soon as i have time and make my suggestions and corrections."
281403000,10948,glassez,2019-08-29T18:08:15Z,COMMENTED,`geticonpath()` is still unchecked...
285622451,10948,glassez,2019-09-09T16:41:16Z,COMMENTED,it's really big pr so i will review it partially when i have time for it.
164206978,9562,glassez,2018-10-12T11:47:38Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,please fix coding style of your code.
164977711,9562,glassez,2018-10-16T04:23:22Z,COMMENTED,overall good. there were only some minor flaws.
165464906,9562,glassez,2018-10-17T06:01:14Z,COMMENTED,looks like it's almost over. last code comments. also you should fix commit message.
165593581,9562,glassez,2018-10-17T12:07:09Z,COMMENTED,"well, code lgtm (unless i've missed something). , can you review?"
166774422,9562,glassez,2018-10-21T07:52:23Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,"you just have to fix the commit message according to coding guidelines (as i have already reminded you). if you do not know what to think, then write something like ""improve scaling of speed graphs"" and move your current text in the message body. e.g.: [code block]"
310115889,11433,glassez,2019-10-31T19:01:07Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,"also don't forget to use correct case in names everywhere (e.g. qobject, qss etc.)."
310762587,11433,glassez,2019-11-02T09:10:21Z,COMMENTED,"now i've realized general disadvantage of this solution. you make gui classes (at least one currently) to be dependent from ""theming support"" implementation. this is a step back on our evolutionary path, so i would strongly discourage it. ideally it should be something like [code block]"
310767581,11433,sledgehammer999,2019-11-02T11:52:34Z,COMMENTED,please wait a review on this by me too before merging.
332650568,11433,glassez,2019-12-16T15:34:23Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,also please squash commits.
332707590,11433,glassez,2019-12-16T16:43:16Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,"also ""qss"" looks like a typo. please use correct spelling of this abbreviation: qss. (i mean pr/commit title.)"
33850966,5264,glassez,2017-04-20T18:42:47Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,only a few small comments here... and one general question: is there any public constructors/methods that can throw exceptions (except the ones i commented on)?
391776946,12480,zeule,2020-04-11T15:50:03Z,COMMENTED,"libtorrent exports required c++ standard version for its targets. it comes as a target compile feature to qbt. you might need to test that value, because liborrent abi depends on it."
894463231,16485,Chocobo1,2022-02-27T05:13:48Z,DISMISSED,there is also an unaddressed low-priority comment: [a link]
741810225,15330,thalieht,2021-08-30T16:02:10Z,COMMENTED,lgtm except for a couple of comments
751307281,15330,glassez,2021-09-10T11:20:52Z,DISMISSED,without going into details...
289101407,11241,glassez,2019-09-17T08:36:49Z,COMMENTED,"please don't forget to enclose option names in pr/commit title. otherwise, it's just a jumble of words."
293481117,11241,Chocobo1,2019-09-26T04:47:46Z,COMMENTED,only some optional code clean up comments. i can already give approval if you choose not to change them.
334574377,11708,glassez,2019-12-19T11:35:38Z,COMMENTED,this pr should be merged after #11433 since there can be conflicts.
335699304,11708,Chocobo1,2019-12-23T03:25:13Z,DISMISSED,thank you
336295479,11708,sledgehammer999,2019-12-25T03:31:20Z,DISMISSED,that's it for now. i didn't have time to review changes in the sort model. please wait if you can. final note: our overriden delegate sizehint() should be removed. from my test the bug i mention in the code comments doesn't seem to manifest anymore without it.
336295561,11708,sledgehammer999,2019-12-25T03:32:23Z,COMMENTED,sorry wrong button pushed earlier. i only wanted to comment not approve.
336329533,11708,sledgehammer999,2019-12-25T11:16:38Z,COMMENTED,"some minor comments. otherwise, the pr is good to go."
560020340,14054,glassez,2020-12-30T12:31:46Z,COMMENTED,"sorry, i have a lot of comments. perhaps some of them are not directly related to your changes. but i need to understand how it works to be able to appreciate your changes. i never thought this feature was well designed. it always baffled me with its blurry logic. inappropriate type/variable names make the review even more difficult."
561038479,14054,glassez,2021-01-04T14:18:15Z,COMMENTED,i need more time and a clearer mind to understand new logic of `averager::push()`...
564519326,14054,glassez,2021-01-08T19:49:36Z,COMMENTED,"well, there are comments about the coding style mostly."
8240860,4253,EdwardLinux,2016-11-11T18:15:34Z,APPROVED,good ;) <33333
48266002,6952,zeule,2017-07-06T12:19:22Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,i don't like all these `#ifdef` with icons. maybe we better organize our icons to remove or blacklist action icons on macos?
50193590,6952,sledgehammer999,2017-07-15T17:39:26Z,COMMENTED,some minor comments
483124677,13327,glassez,2020-09-06T12:14:08Z,COMMENTED,i finished my review. please don't add anything new here. let's just fix the disadvantages and get it over with.
490218263,13327,Chocobo1,2020-09-17T03:31:02Z,DISMISSED,"i finished my review, you can take a final look."
687808262,14959,glassez,2021-06-19T08:50:48Z,APPROVED,"well, i had to change my development environment to use the cmake installed by visual studio installer (although it doesn't look as convenient as it was with qt installer). so now merging this pr won't break my workflow."
125067824,9007,glassez,2018-06-01T07:57:40Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,i started my review. i will do it on the levels starting from the lowest. it makes no sense to look at the higher one until the one below it is fixed. so i'll likely wait for your answer after each review step.
491643500,13288,glassez,2020-09-18T17:11:51Z,DISMISSED,"well, i would try it."
1608452873,19542,glassez,2023-09-03T08:43:07Z,COMMENTED,a few general comments.
1713834836,19542,glassez,2023-11-05T05:18:22Z,COMMENTED,last comments from me.
181880295,9824,glassez,2018-12-05T17:29:50Z,APPROVED,phew... it's huge! i hope i didn't miss anything important. now we have to add coding style rule prohibiting use of `foreach`.
842406390,15888,Chocobo1,2022-01-02T12:07:34Z,COMMENTED,last comments from me
158635535,9600,sledgehammer999,2018-09-25T16:45:50Z,COMMENTED,mostly code comments so far. i didn't look at the code logic.
162082092,9600,glassez,2018-10-05T16:48:47Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,also you should fix commit message according to coding guidelines. its subject is too long. you can use something less detailed and put description in message body.
162251277,9600,glassez,2018-10-06T09:53:23Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,last (i hope) comments.
162516150,9600,glassez,2018-10-08T15:08:26Z,DISMISSED,let's finish it. upd: don't forget to squash commits.
55943260,3235,sledgehammer999,2017-08-12T13:14:40Z,COMMENTED,and a final minor nitpick but 3 of your commit messages don't start with a capital letter like the others.
56291738,3235,glassez,2017-08-15T09:09:03Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,"i'm sorry that i'm too persistent in my demands on the naming, but, imo, inconsistent naming in interfaces (as well as other coding style breaks) is a sign of poor-quality software. the most important note on the check/normalize the values."
57482790,3235,glassez,2017-08-21T12:21:50Z,COMMENTED,last small comments. the rest lgtm.
150652477,9349,glassez,2018-08-29T16:39:25Z,DISMISSED,"the coding style is broken significantly. please, fix it."
327985381,11592,Chocobo1,2019-12-06T04:06:31Z,COMMENTED,some quick reviews.. no need to wait for my review completion if you want to force push/update.
328689654,11592,Chocobo1,2019-12-09T05:07:00Z,DISMISSED,"no more comments from me. also i noticed this patch: [a link] if that patch could simplify our work here, it might be worth to add some `#if` conditionals to the relevant code."
330032281,11592,Chocobo1,2019-12-10T18:11:34Z,COMMENTED,"only some minor things left, overall it's looking good."
834835292,15793,Chocobo1,2021-12-17T05:06:52Z,COMMENTED,"i barely scratched the surface, a complete review will take more rounds..."
840194945,15793,Chocobo1,2021-12-27T07:37:57Z,COMMENTED,"i think i got 60%, i'll review the rest before the end of week (quite busy here)."
840260837,15793,Chocobo1,2022-01-01T06:35:55Z,COMMENTED,only a few comments left
159277064,9541,glassez,2018-09-27T04:10:40Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,", you forgot to fix [a link]."
182931820,9541,glassez,2018-12-08T04:26:27Z,COMMENTED,", feel free to merge it."
1336048704,18645,glassez,2023-03-12T16:27:13Z,COMMENTED,"i don't actually approve of the first commit (at least in its current form). it creates a cross dependencies between application and filelogger, which clearly cannot be seen as an improvement from a code structure perspective."
1342131281,18645,glassez,2023-03-15T18:24:27Z,COMMENTED,"i don't have time to review it all at once. i can either do it little by little, leaving some comments individually, or (if you don't like it that way) wait until i can review it in its entirety."
1506666307,18645,Chocobo1,2023-06-30T07:32:31Z,DISMISSED,generally approved (without regarding the code)
675952271,12574,glassez,2021-06-04T06:21:35Z,COMMENTED,cosmetic comment: file names inside issue_template seem to be inconsistent to me (namely using of `_template` suffix). also why some `*.md` files have uppercase names but others not? is there any general naming scheme/convention?
66317063,7522,silverqx,2017-09-30T17:58:50Z,COMMENTED,"join `conf.pri.mingw` and `conf.pri.msvc` is good idea, just one example file is enough, condition statements can be used in this example file. now i have tried autolinking and works for me, but only for boost libs and with dynamic linkage."
66326417,7522,sledgehammer999,2017-10-01T02:27:15Z,DISMISSED,"yes the conf.pri.* files can be merged into one example file. maybe name it `conf.pri.windows`? also about windows xp support: currently it isn't difficult to target it using msvc2017. and code-wise we don't have a need for any newer winapi, so i want to keep it for at least v4.0.x."
66510976,7522,Chocobo1,2017-10-02T16:20:36Z,APPROVED,thank you!
66807958,7522,silverqx,2017-10-03T16:01:22Z,APPROVED,good to go :)
66943693,7522,LordNyriox,2017-10-04T01:39:33Z,APPROVED,the english grammar in the comments is correct. :}
474581495,13266,glassez,2020-08-25T15:28:14Z,COMMENTED,some initial comments...
97371241,8427,glassez,2018-02-17T11:57:49Z,COMMENTED,"i have quick looked into it. it's really hard to review this kind of diff so i need more time to review it another way. recently, i was also going to optimize parsing by avoiding unnecessary data copying. but since you have such a deep restructuring, try to pay attention to it too."
98142672,8427,glassez,2018-02-21T10:45:32Z,COMMENTED,as i can see the connection can be closed in case of bad request and so on. is there a normal way to close connection?
99147372,8427,glassez,2018-02-25T16:06:48Z,APPROVED,"well. i tested it a bit (parser, mostly). this even brings some performance gains! although there is still room for further optimization."
196478303,10175,glassez,2019-01-25T12:13:57Z,COMMENTED,last comment. the rest is lgtm.
196775438,10175,glassez,2019-01-26T04:19:18Z,DISMISSED,i would have corrected something else... but i won't bother you anymore.
218027820,10384,glassez,2019-03-23T05:56:43Z,COMMENTED,"sorry, i'd like to comment here, but i don't have time to review it completely at the moment. please wait for me if the wait is not critical (given how long ""log widget"" exists in its current form, then it can wait some more)."
218166960,10384,glassez,2019-03-25T07:25:20Z,COMMENTED,", you implemented model/view architecture a bit incorrectly. take a closer look at the documentation and examples: ![a link] your model should interact with the logger and provide data to the view in a convenient way. since we essentially have two underlying models (event log and peer log), then yes, we should have two models. you did implement it in the same way that it was implemented earlier using qlistwidget, but just doing it explicitly. i.e. your model isn't data dependent but it is just some kind of ""service"" model for your widget and widget really manages the data. i don't see much point in such changes."
1691790729,18735,ownrepo1s,2023-10-23T06:30:20Z,APPROVED,seems appropriate
395905005,12434,glassez,2020-04-18T11:33:37Z,COMMENTED,"i wouldn't merge such changes until logger is redesigned to level-based form. otherwise, it can generate a whole bunch of messages that can't be filtered out (i mean completely ignored, not only removed from the log list in gui, as we allow now). imo, such messages should be of debug level since they indicates client errors that won't affect the app workability."
395923490,12434,Chocobo1,2020-04-18T15:44:00Z,COMMENTED,"imo logging client error is out of the scope for a (small) embedded server. the current server already sent back proper error message to offending clients and i think the debugging (and therefore logging) should happen at the client side (as that is where the error originates, at least for the errors you're logging in this pr). personally i don't think this pr is a good idea and won't support it, but i don't mind if other devs agree with this pr (i.e. there will be no hard block from me). and before you ask, currently i don't have opinions about the redesign of logger."
137281939,9026,sledgehammer999,2018-07-15T23:42:43Z,COMMENTED,"2 minor comments. i don't know if you were waiting for me. i think the rest is ok. about the python script: i assume it's job is to scan the html sources, find qbt_tr occurrences and extract them correctly into .ts files. i am not able to verify the python code, i assume that it does the above. (even if there's a better way to code it)"
138767524,9026,Chocobo1,2018-07-19T17:07:11Z,DISMISSED,"ok for me, i suppose should also give an approval before merging."
162297843,9026,Chocobo1,2018-10-07T17:24:20Z,DISMISSED,(optional) it would be nice to get rid of lgtm warnings.
163158318,9026,Chocobo1,2018-10-10T01:38:41Z,APPROVED,it seems lgtm is compiling (by default) with cmake.
330337205,11614,glassez,2019-12-11T07:21:17Z,CHANGES_REQUESTED,"i generally disapprove any ""spoofing command line parameters"" way."
402365613,12557,Piccirello,2020-04-29T05:57:22Z,COMMENTED,"this change looks pretty good, from the perspective of how it fits into the current web app's architecture. i haven't evaluated the correctness of the implementation in any way, as i've never used qbittorrent's rss feature. someone else will need to rigorously test the implementation."
411873639,12557,Chocobo1,2020-05-14T15:02:55Z,COMMENTED,"i think i barely scratch the surface, it would take ages for only one man to review it all..."
758025670,15452,Chocobo1,2021-09-18T04:50:57Z,DISMISSED,"code lgtm. perhaps the commits could be squashed or have some cleanups, not sure how."
758916999,15452,glassez,2021-09-21T05:14:53Z,COMMENTED,shouldn't the categories also be moved here to have all the settings associated with autotmm in one place?
772599278,15452,glassez,2021-10-06T12:41:11Z,COMMENTED,"iirc, currently there are no visual differences between ""different categories"" and ""no category"". this is a problem, imo. an even bigger problem may be if it prevents someone from changing ""different categories"" to ""no category""."
797855048,15452,glassez,2021-11-05T13:00:16Z,COMMENTED,"most likely, the latest comments are from me. there are still some things here that cause me complaints, but i think it's better to merge it earlier so that it's easier to understand them. in addition, it overlaps with my current work on improving folder management for incomplete torrents, so it should be merged so that i can continue."
1860844769,20314,Chocobo1,2024-02-03T05:26:34Z,COMMENTED,i would also like to see webui side implementation. without an example of usage i couldn't tell whether this webapi endpoint would satisfy the requirements. the webui implementation can be minimal and just one instance would suffice.
1698098841,19777,sledgehammer999,2023-10-25T19:39:50Z,COMMENTED,two quick comments. not a full review.
1713930787,19777,Chocobo1,2023-11-05T07:48:51Z,COMMENTED,"only one comment, others lgtm."
1713938916,19777,Chocobo1,2023-11-05T09:30:42Z,DISMISSED,lgtm
1714022424,19777,sledgehammer999,2023-11-05T17:54:25Z,COMMENTED,nitpick: i would have preferred that the `web ui` -> `webui` would be in a different commit for easier review of the actual changes.
1717053960,19777,sledgehammer999,2023-11-07T08:13:57Z,DISMISSED,quick review as i am on the go.
1717152782,19777,sledgehammer999,2023-11-07T09:01:45Z,DISMISSED,i approve for the gui. i have no idea on how to handle the webui-html part.
1807751046,19801,Chocobo1,2024-01-07T07:44:05Z,COMMENTED,last comments from me
1834730250,19801,HanabishiRecca,2024-01-24T18:25:45Z,COMMENTED,"sorry, i didn't publish the review."
330974764,11637,Chocobo1,2019-12-12T03:30:29Z,COMMENTED,overall i'm a bit curious if updating those memory related tweaks will affect less powerful system / embedded systems such as raspberry pi? i mean i don't want it to crash because the default settings is too high for it.
